I am the biological father of Luye District
My name is Zhou Liangren
I'm here to save the eldest lady
Unbridled
Miss Luo's daughter
How could I have a father like you?
Do you know that you insult the lady in the world like this?
Miss
What I said is true.
No, you can't do a blood test.
My blood can save the eldest lady
Sifeng, please arrange it.
Test his blood
Does the type match my daughter?
Come with me. OK.
Before the blood to save your life
I am
It took a lot of effort to find your biological father
Hadron, bring the money
You son of a bitch
When I was pregnant
I still have money in my face
Go home and ask for money
If there is no money at home, get out of here
Don't say it.
Take him out tomorrow
Give me these two, do you still have a conscience?
I'm only 6 years old every year.
I just want the damn money
Hurry up.
Whose rules?
You called me, go away
Hahahaha
Parsley
If Ye Qingmei
Knowing that your biological father was a gambler
Will I still love you as I used to?
Cary has 500,000
Enough to pay off your gambling debts
I just need you to do one thing
It shows that you are Luoxue Qing's biological father
It's simple.
Hahaha 500,000
What is your purpose in doing this?
Of course, it is to make Ye Qingmei gradually disappointed with the falling snow
So that Luoxue can also feel it
The suffering I suffered as a child